Companionweb: Update ardusub.com with new details of companion web interface (#45)
bluerobotics/ardusub-gitbook: operators-manual/companion-web.md

The companion computer hosts a useful web-interface with different pages for accessing parameters and functionalities associated with companion. When a companion computer is connected to a ground computer, a user can access the web-interface on [192.168.2.2:2770](http://192.168.2.2:2770). Users can access Network, System, Camera and Routing pages alongside a number of other user friendly options as described below. 

##Companion Header

> The web interface header displays Companion software version. It also has an option to access additional options with the Advanced Options toggle switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web interface header displays the Companion software version. It provides navigation links to the main configuration pages available in the web interface, options to restart and shutdown the companion computer, and a switch to enable advanced options on the current page (if available).
```

- Check WiFi and Internet Status 
- Configure Ethernet IP address
- Test the network for Uploads and Downloads
- Ethernet network configuration (advanced): The Ethernet interface can be configured as DHCP Server, DHCP Client or Manual (static) mode.
  - Manual: Manual: The interface is configured with a static IP address. This is the default configuration. The default IP address is 192.168.2.2.
  - DHCP Server: The interface is configured as a DHCP server on the 192.168.2.x subnet. The interface IP address will be 192.168.2.2 in this mode.
  - DHCP Client: This is useful for connecting to a router.

<img src="/images/Network.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:750px" />

##System

The [System](http://192.168.2.2:2770/system) page provides the following functionalities and features:

> - Display Companion computer hardware status parameters and detailed status of processes.

Reviewer: Did we lose update companion software?

Author: yeah.. It was your suggested edit so i removed it. I also thought that it should be there but then it was your suggested edit so I thought you wanted to remove it. I will add it again because it should be there.

- Check WiFi and Internet Status 
- Configure Ethernet IP address
- Test the network for Uploads and Downloads

> - Configure Companion network mode: In advanced mode, the [Network](http://192.168.2.2:2770/network) page features advanced network configuration options for the Companion computer raspberry pi. Companion can be configured as DHCP Server, DHCP Client or Manual mode. The advanced mode can be accessed with the Advanced Options toggle switch on the web interface header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ethernet network configuration (advanced): The Ethernet interface can be configured as DHCP Server, DHCP Client or Manual (static) mode.
```

>   - Manual: Companion has a static IP(192.168.2.2) in this mode. This is the default mode that is pre-configured on a fresh Companion Image.

Reviewer: Manual: The interface is configured with a static IP address. This is the default configuration. The default IP address is 192.168.2.2.

>   - DHCP Server: Here, everytime a device or computer is connected to the Raspberry pi, it automatically assigns an IP address to it. So that no further network configuration is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - DHCP Server: The interface is configured as a DHCP server on the 192.168.2.x subnet. The interface IP address will be 192.168.2.2 in this mode.
```

>   - DHCP Client: Here, Companion gets the ip address from any DHCP server on the network if present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - DHCP Client: Here, Companion gets the ip address from any DHCP server on the network if present.
```
```suggestion
  - DHCP Client: This is useful for connecting to a router.
```

<img src="/images/Network.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:750px" />

##System

The [System](http://192.168.2.2:2770/system) page provides the following functionalities and features:

> - Display companion computer hardware status parameters and detailed status of processes.

Reviewer: captial C.

- Display software version of companion
- Update companion software

<img src="/images/system1.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:750px" />

> - Display current ardusub firmware version on the pixhawk autopilot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display current ArduSub firmware version on the autopilot
```

- Download, Update, or Restore pixhawk firmware

> - Download the webui system log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download a system log for the web interface.
```

- Adjust the MAVProxy settings
- Restart or Restore MAVProxy

<img src="/images/mavproxy.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:750px" />

###Git

[Git](http://192.168.2.2:2770/git) page is used for:

- Displaying the current head
- Adding remote repositories

> - Fetching, updating, and checking out different branches from origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updating the system to development branches.
```
